beluga1:Also known as "sea canaries," belugas are one of the most the most vocal of all whales.
beluga2:The beluga is closely related to the narwhal; they are the only two members of the Monodontidae family.
beluga3:Beluga whales' dives may last up to 25 minutes and can reach depths of 800 meters.
beluga4:The word beluga comes from the Russian word "bielo" meaning white. However, these white whales are born dark gray. It can take up to eight years before they turn completely white.
beluga5:The beluga is able to swim backwards.
beluga6:The vertebrae in a beluga’s neck is not fused together, giving it the unusual ability to turn its head up, down and side-to-side.
beluga7:The beluga can change the shape of its bulbous forehead, called a "melon",  by blowing air around its sinuses.
beluga8:In 2009, a captive beluga whale rescued a distressed participant of a free diving competition by pushing her to the surface.
beluga9:Belugas, like other arctic whales, do not have dorsal fins , but they do have a tough dorsal ridge. They also have a thick layer of blubber that insulates them from the icy arctic waters.
beluga10:Threats to beluga whales include climate change, hunting, oil and gas development, and industrial and urban pollution. Polar bears and killer whales are known predators of belugas throughout their Arctic range.
squawk1:SQUAWK SQUAWK
squawk2:CHRIP CHRIP
squawk:BIRD NOISES
hintlvl1_1:I remember seeing a pretty busted ass window round here somewhere.
hintlvl1_2:Rest on the ground to regain your stamina, and not die.
hintlvl1_3:You can pick up objects and even eat some of them. Useful and tasty!
hintlvl2_1:Tourists are a bane on society.
hintlvl2_2:Sky sky everywhere, but nowhere to go.
hintlvl2_3:Trains roll under here pretty often. I would hate to be stuck down there with them.
hintlvl2_4:Who did this?
hintlvl3_1:NASA, National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Humans are cute.
hintlvl3_2:Some old guy in there has a bean, you should steal it, it'll be funny and there will be no consequences I'm sure.
rand1:Have you seen my brother? He looks like me and gives really bad advice.
rand2:You sure do look ugly, who drew you?
hidden1:You found me! I'll see you around.
hit1:Ouch
hit2:Didn't see that one
hit3:Good luck
train:What a shame
science1:This is it...
science2:The saviour of humanity...
science3:This bean shall save the world!
science4:NO! DAMN PIDGEON